{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13320\viewh13980\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs34 \cf0 Create your own site configurations\
\

\b\fs30 Introduction
\b0\fs34 \

\fs28 In order to create your own site configurations you have to fill in a number of values in a property list file (which is simply an xml file). If you have the developer tools installed on your Mac, you can use the Property List Editor application \'96\'a0otherwise you can use an ordinary text editor.\
\
The values that must be filled in (some are optional) are listed below. The site configuration named Default.ausite contains all the information that can be entered in a site configuration, with some comments on the values.\
\

\b\fs30 Values\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 name\ulnone \
A descriptive name of the site configuration. This will be visible in the list of sites in AddressUpdate.\
\
\ul url\ulnone \
The address to the search site.\
\
\ul searchAttribute\ulnone \
The "name" attribute of the text field on the website that is used when searching for a telephone number using a web browser, e.g. Safari. In order to find this value you can view the source of the site and searc for "name=" hoping to find the name attribute, or if you have developer settings turned on, right click on the text field and chose "Inspect Element". That will take you directly to the element in the source of the site.\
\
\ul stringEncoding\ulnone \
A number describing the string encoding used to fetch the website. The list of string encodings that can be used is found here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tinyurl.com/ydeby4k"}}{\fldrslt http://tinyurl.com/ydeby4k}}. The default is 5, which is ISO Latin 1.\
\
\ul xpaths\
\ulnone A list of definitions of where on the search site (in terms of XPath) to find the values corresponding to street address, name, telephone numbers etc. The possible names that can be used in the list are listed in the Default.ausite site configuration file, where the format of the items is also laid out. The use of a definition is optional and only the entered definitions will be searched for.\
Additionally, to fine tune your matches, you might add a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.regular-expressions.info"}}{\fldrslt regular expression}} to the 
\i regExp
\i0  field that can filter out certain parts of the XPath match.\
\
If you have trouble configuring AddressUpdate, check out the AddressUpdate website at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://addressupdate.bergnehr.se"}}{\fldrslt http://addressupdate.bergnehr.se}} or send an e-mail to 
\i addressupdate@bergnehr.se
\i0 .}